{"analysis":"Here is a detailed crop recommendation report for Cotton:\n\nCultivating cotton offers a promising agricultural venture given suitable conditions and careful management, with a current market profit margin of 15%.\n\n🌱 Soil analysis\nCotton thrives best in well-drained, deep, and fertile soils, ideally black cotton soils or loamy soils with good water retention capacity. A soil pH range between 6.0 and 7.5 is optimal for healthy growth. It is crucial to ensure good soil aeration and drainage to prevent waterlogging, which can severely impact root development and plant health. Before sowing, deep plowing to a depth of 25-30 cm is recommended to improve soil structure and allow roots to penetrate deeply. Incorporating organic matter, such as farmyard manure or compost, can significantly enhance soil fertility and water-holding capacity, providing essential nutrients for robust plant development. Regular soil testing is advised to determine specific nutrient deficiencies and to guide appropriate fertilizer application of nitrogen, phosphorus, and potassium, along with necessary micronutrients.\n\n🌦️ Weather impact\nCotton is a warm-season crop requiring a long frost-free period, typically 180-200 days, for optimal growth and maturity. The ideal temperature range for germination is 18-20°C, while for vegetative growth and boll development, temperatures between 21-30°C are most favorable. Extremely high temperatures (above 38°C) or prolonged cool weather can adversely affect flowering and boll setting. Moderate rainfall (500-1200 mm) evenly distributed during the vegetative and flowering stages is beneficial. However, a dry period during boll maturation and harvest is critical to prevent boll rot and ensure good fiber quality. Excessive rainfall during flowering can lead to flower drop, while heavy rains during harvest can stain the lint and reduce quality. Irrigation is often necessary, especially in regions with insufficient or erratic rainfall, to supplement water needs during critical growth stages. Sunny weather with high light intensity is essential for photosynthesis and high yields.\n\n📈 Market outlook\nThe market outlook for cotton currently shows a positive trend, with a projected profit margin of 15% based on current context data. Cotton remains a globally significant commodity, driven primarily by the textile industry for apparel, home furnishings, and industrial products. Demand for natural fibers like cotton is generally stable, although it can fluctuate with global economic conditions, fashion trends, and competition from synthetic fibers. Prices are influenced by global supply (major producing countries like India, China, USA, Brazil), demand dynamics, inventory levels, and government policies. Given the healthy 15% profit margin, cultivating cotton appears to be a financially viable option for farmers who can meet the crop's specific soil and weather requirements and manage cultivation efficiently. Farmers should stay updated on market prices and trends to make informed decisions regarding timing of sales and quantity produced."}